IMPORTANT. Read the following Freescale Software License Agreement
("Agreement") completely. By selecting the "I Accept" button at the
end of this page, you indicate that you accept the terms of the
Agreement referenced below.  You may then download the file.  If this
is a "shrink wrap license," by opening the package and installing the
software contained, you indicate that you accept the terms of the
Agreement referenced below.

			 OPEN SOURCE LICENSE

You are about to download certain software that is subject to various
open source licenses such as the Apache License, the BSD license, the
Free Software Foundation General Public License and Lesser General
Public License, the Mozilla Public License and others.  The particular
files are listed in a file in the distribution, which will typically
be called "package_manifest.txt" ("Manifest"). In the case of a
discrepancy between the Manifest and the files in the distribution,
the files in the distribution will supersede this list. The files that
are subject to open source licenses will have the licensing details
contained in those files. If you do not accept the terms of any of
those licenses, stop using those files immediately.

		 FREESCALE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This is a legal agreement between you (either as an individual or as
an authorized representative of your employer) and Freescale
Semiconductor, Inc. ("Freescale"). It concerns your rights to use
these files and any accompanying written materials (the "Software" and
the "Codec Software" (as defined below).  Except where specifically
indicated in the License Grant below, Software will include Codec
Software including third party software as more fully described below
and identified on Attachment A; and software created or licensed to
Freescale. This Agreement does not concern your use of any files that
are subject to an "open source" software license, such as the Free
Software Foundation "General Public License," or "GNU GPL."  In
consideration for Freescale allowing you to access the Software, you
are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you do not
agree to all of the terms of this Agreement, do not download the
Software. If you change your mind later, stop using the Software and
delete all copies of the Software in your possession or control. Any
copies of the Software that you have already distributed, where
permitted, and do not destroy will continue to be governed by this
Agreement. Your prior use will also continue to be governed by this
Agreement.

LICENSE GRANT.  Exclusively in conjunction with your development and
sale of a product containing an i.MX or STMP programmable processing
unit (e.g. a microprocessor, microcontroller) supplied directly or
indirectly from Freescale ("Freescale System"), Freescale grants to
you, free of charge, the non-exclusive, non-transferable right (1) to
use the Software, (2) to reproduce the Software, (3) distribute the
Software, (4) to sublicense to others the right to use the distributed
Software as included within the Freescale System and, to the extent
the Software is provided in source code form (human readable), (5) to
prepare derivative works of the Software, (6) to distribute derivative
works thereof only in object (machine-readable) form as part of a
Freescale System, and (7) to sublicense to others the right to use the
distributed derivative works as included within the Freescale System.
Exclusively in conjunction with your development and sale of a product
containing a Freescale System, Freescale grants to you, free of
charge, the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the Codec
Software evaluation and demonstration purposes only.  Codec Software
is software designed for processing multimedia streams (audio and
video).  You agree that you are responsible for obtaining any
necessary licenses or permission for all Essential Patents for Codec
Software. "Essential Patent" means a patent to the limited extent that
infringement of such patent cannot be avoided in remaining compliant
with the technology standards implicated by the usage of any of the
Codec Software, including optional implementation of such standards,
on technical but not commercial grounds, taking into account normal
technical practice and the state of the art generally available at the
time of standardization.  You may not translate, reverse engineer,
decompile, or disassemble the Software except to the extent applicable
law specifically prohibits such restriction. You will not assert
against Freescale any intellectual property right that you create in
preparation of any derivative works of the Software. If you violate
any of the terms or restrictions of this Agreement, Freescale may
immediately terminate this Agreement, and require that you stop using
and delete all copies of the Software in your possession or control.

COPYRIGHT.  The Software is licensed to you, not sold.  Freescale or
its licensor owns the Software, and United States copyright laws and
international treaty provisions protect the Software. Therefore, you
must treat the Software like any other copyrighted material (e.g. a
book or musical recording). You may not use or copy the Software for
any other purpose than what is described in this Agreement. Except as
expressly provided herein, Freescale does not grant to you any express
or implied rights under any Freescale or third party patents,
copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets. Additionally, you must
reproduce and apply any copyright or other proprietary rights notices
included on or embedded in the Software to any copies or derivative
works made thereof, in whole or in part, if any.

SUPPORT.  Freescale is NOT obligated to provide any support, upgrades
or new releases of the Software. If you wish, you may contact
Freescale and report problems and provide suggestions regarding the
Software. Freescale has no obligation whatsoever to respond in any way
to such a problem report or suggestion. Freescale may make changes to
the Software at any time, without any obligation to notify or provide
updated versions of the Software to you.

EXCLUDED LICENSES. You will not take or fail to take any action that
could subject the Software to an Excluded License.  An Excluded
License means any license that requires as a condition of use,
modification and/or distribution of software subject to the Excluded
License, that such software or other software combined and/or
distributed with such software be (A) disclosed or distributed in
source code form; (B) licensed for the purpose of making derivative
works; or (C) redistributable at no charge.

FEEDBACK. You grant to Freescale a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable
license under your Intellectual Property Rights to use without
restriction and for any purpose any suggestion, comment or other
feedback related to the Licensed Software (including, but not limited
to, error corrections and bug fixes).

NO WARRANTY.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, FREESCALE
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY FOR THE SOFTWARE.  THE SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY SYSTEMS YOU DESIGN USING THE
SOFTWARE (IF ANY). NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE CONSTRUED AS A
WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION BY FREESCALE THAT THE SOFTWARE OR ANY
DERIVATIVE WORK DEVELOPED WITH OR INCORPORATING THE SOFTWARE WILL BE
FREE FROM INFRINGEMENT OF THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD
PARTIES.

INDEMNITY. You agree to fully defend and indemnify Freescale from any
and all claims, liabilities, and costs (including reasonable
attorney's fees) related to (1) your use (including your sublicensee's
use, if permitted) of the Software or (2) your violation of the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IN NO EVENT WILL FREESCALE BE LIABLE,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF TIME, INCONVENIENCE,
COMMERCIAL LOSS, OR LOST PROFITS, SAVINGS, OR REVENUES TO THE FULL
EXTENT SUCH MAY BE DISCLAIMED BY LAW.  FREESCALE'S TOTAL LIABILITY FOR
ANY AND ALL COSTS, DAMAGES, CLAIMS, OR LOSSES WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR PRODUCT(S) SUPPLIED UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT PAID BY LICENSEE TO
FREESCALE IN CONNECTION WITH THE LICENSED SOFTWARE TO WHICH LOSSES OR
DAMAGES ARE CLAIMED.

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS; EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You must use the Software
in accordance with all applicable export laws, regulations and
statutes.  You agree that neither you nor your licensees (if any)
intend to or will, directly or indirectly, export or transmit the
Software to any country in violation of. any export restrictions.

GOVERNMENT USE.  Use of the Software and any corresponding
documentation, if any, is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use,
duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions
as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of The Rights in Technical
Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or
subparagraphs (c)(l) and (2) of the Commercial Computer
Software--Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as
applicable. Manufacturer is Freescale Semiconductor, Inc., 6501
William Cannon Drive West, Austin, TX, 78735.

HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.  You acknowledge that the Software is not fault
tolerant and is not designed, manufactured or intended by Freescale
for incorporation into products intended for use or resale in on-line
control equipment in hazardous, dangerous to life or potentially
life-threatening environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as
in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or
communication systems, air traffic control, direct life support
machines or weapons systems, in which the failure of products could
lead directly to death, personal injury or severe physical or
environmental damage ("High Risk Activities"). You specifically
represent and warrant that you will not use the Software or any
derivative work of the Software for High Risk Activities.

CHOICE OF LAW; VENUE; LIMITATIONS.  You agree that the statutes and
laws of the United States and the State of Texas, USA, without regard
to conflicts of laws principles, will apply to all matters relating to
this Agreement or the Software, and you agree that any litigation will
be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal
courts in Texas, USA.

PRODUCT LABELING.  You are not authorized to use any Freescale
trademarks, brand names, or logos.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between you and Freescale regarding the subject matter of this
Agreement, and supersedes all prior communications, negotiations,
understandings, agreements or representations, either written or oral,
if any.  This Agreement may only be amended in written form, executed
by you and Freescale.

SEVERABILITY.  If any provision of this Agreement is held for any
reason to be invalid or unenforceable, then the remaining provisions
of this Agreement will be unimpaired and, unless a modification or
replacement of the invalid or unenforceable provision is further held
to deprive you or Freescale of a material benefit, in which case the
Agreement will immediately terminate, the invalid or unenforceable
provision will be replaced with a provision that is valid and
enforceable and that comes closest to the intention underlying the
invalid or unenforceable provision.

NO WAIVER.  The waiver by Freescale of any breach of any provision of
this Agreement will not operate or be construed as a waiver of any
other or a subsequent breach of the same or a different provision.




			    ATTACHMENT A:

SanDisk Corporation Software
The Board Support Package includes software developed by SanDisk
Corporation ("SanDisk").  You must separately obtain the rights to
reproduce and distribute this software in source code form from
SanDisk.  Please follow these easy steps to obtain the license and
software:
1. Contact your local SanDisk sales representative to obtain the
SanDisk License Agreement.
2. Sign the license agreement.  Fax the signed agreement to SanDisk
USA marketing department at 408-542-0403.  The license will be valid
when fully executed by SanDisk.
3. If you have specific questions, please send an email to
sales@sandisk.com You may only use the SanDisk Corporation Software on
products compatible with a SanDisk Secure Digital Card.  You may not
use the SanDisk Corporation Software on any memory device product.
SanDisk retains all rights to any modifications or derivative works to
the SanDisk Corporation Software that you may create.

Global Locate
The Board Support Package includes software and hardware developed by
Global Locate, Inc. ("Global Locate") and acquired by Broadcom
Corporation.  You must separately obtain rights beyond evaluation and
demonstration in connection with the Board Support Package from
Broadcom Corporation.

CSR
The Board Support Package includes software and hardware developed by
Cambridge Silicon Radio, Inc. ("CSR").  You must separately obtain
rights beyond evaluation and demonstration in connection with the
Board Support Package from CSR.

CTS
The Board Support Package includes software or technology developed by
Coding Technologies, AB ("CTS").  You only have the right to use the
CTS software in connection with the Freescale System.